Add breaking changes documentation for ES 6.8 to OS 1.x migration issues (#4856)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _upgrade-to/upgrade-to.md

If you want to migrate from an existing Elasticsearch OSS cluster to OpenSearch and find the [snapshot approach]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/upgrade-to/snapshot-migrate/) unappealing, you can migrate your existing nodes from Elasticsearch OSS to OpenSearch.

If your existing cluster runs an older version of Elasticsearch OSS, the first step is to upgrade to version 6.x or 7.x.

> Before settling on the version of Elasticsearch OSS for your upgrade, refer to the [Migrating to OpenSearch and limits on the number of nested JSON objects]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/breaking-changes/#migrating-to-opensearch-and-limits-on-the-number-of-nested-json-objects) documentation in Breaking changes to see whether the issue will have an impact on your cluster and, therefore, your decisions on upgrades and migration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before deciding on the version of Elasticsearch OSS for your upgrade, refer to the [Migrating to OpenSearch and limits on the number of nested JSON objects]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/breaking-changes/#migrating-to-opensearch-and-limits-on-the-number-of-nested-json-objects) documentation in Breaking changes to see whether the issue will have an impact on your cluster and, therefore, your decisions about upgrades and migration.
```
